# CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
**I found that modularization is usually the way to go if you want easy to reuses and read code. It creates sections of code that can be worked on and tested individually so that finding where an issue is becomes faster and when you need to make a change it is  less likely to mess up other functions. The CRUD module is very simple so any data sets that I wanted to use with even different database types could be possible with minor changes or with no changes I could use a different dashboard type application by simply  creating the appropriate callbacks to the existing crud functions then parse the data returned from there.**
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
**I used to approach with the idea of coding immediately and then working through the issues. More recently I have learned the value of planning first. The requirements and systems here took it a step further and I now started reading requirements, designing an #idea with basic pseudo code, then reading the documentation to see what would best fit the psuedo code, then coding and testing it out all along the way. I also incorporated a lot of stackoverflow searches as well.**
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
**Computer scientists develop software to bridge the gap between what a computer has and what a customer needs. In this case I took the computers ability to parse through data and display it and translated it into a dashboard that was readable and usable by the  average customer so that they could filter through the massive amounts of data to select good candidates for rescue training. The alternative might be using excel and find function that could take forever and hurt the eyes to look through. This application will  save them both time and eye strain. It can also help eleminate some human error in their searches.**
